This is a new bonus section, I am adding to the course where you will be unit testing a e-Dating, restful
API developed using spring boot.
This e-Dating restful API will allow the restful clients to do four important things.
Register users add interests to those users, likes, dislikes, hobbies, etc. It will allow users
to see all the other users in the application and also find matches based on age and location.
So the four requirements are allow users to register by passing in the following details like username,
password, age, email, phone number, city country.
Secondly, add interests to that user account like likes, dislikes, hobbies, profile url and
about and then see all the other users or find all the other users.
And finally, find matches based on age, city and country.
you will not be developing this application from scratch.
I'll be giving you the complete working application will be only writing unit tests using Junit and mockito.
I'll walk you through the code in the next lecture, and then you will start writing unit tests using
the Junit and Mockito.
If you want to work on the complete project from scratch, you can take up my end to end Java project
using spring boot.
There are several projects like this in that course, but here we are going to focus on unit testing.